Prefixed tags structure doc. (#449)
newrelic/entity-definitions: docs/synthesis.md

[guid_spec]: guid_spec.md

#### Prefixed tags

> This is a special section where specify prefixes.

Reviewer: Not sure what is this trying to state but without this phrase i feel it reads just as fine

> This is a special section where specify prefixes which are part of the attributes name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a special section where we specify prefixes which are part of the attribute name.
```

Reviewer 2: Nit: A bit confusing this sentence to me, please double check

Author: Making it simpler as in the next paragraph starts the full explanation.

Every attribute name including any of the provided prefixes will get indexed as a tag, taking into account the following:
* If there are multiple attributes matching against the same prefix, all of them will get indexed.
* The prefix gets removed from the final tag name.
* Prefixed attributes take the lower precedence, meaning that after removing the prefix, if there's already a tag with the same name coming from the same telemetry datapoint, it will be discarded.  

> With a `label.` prefix as part of the `prefixedTags` list, and the telemetry containing any attribute prefixed with it,
for instance, `label.name`, the final tag name will be `name`.

Finally, notice the `prefixedTags` structure is not a nested child hanging from `tags`, but directly from `rules`.

```yaml
synthesis:
  rules:
    - identifier: entity.id
      name: k8s.podName
      prefixedTags:
        example.:
        example2_:

> ```

Reviewer: Is probably worth mentioning that this configuration doesn't override the `tags.` prefix
